There is debate on who painstakingly birthed our favourite monumental flavor creation into existence. What really matters is that, at the end of the day, we can collectively relish in the sweet glory of it all. From beef-to-bun ratio, ‘how much is too much?’ cheese, and the careful alchemy of condiments, every cheeseburger is a small mountain of heaven.
Any day without a cheeseburger in it is a waste. You can find a cheeseburger no matter where you go in the world, so you have no excuse to miss out on the glory that some people can only dream of. Step up to the plate.

Let us wax poetic about the beauty of the cheeseburger. The flavour gracefully dances across your palate like a majestic figure skater on ice.
The cheese melts on the burger and in your mouth, perfectly complementing the medium-rare beef. Any burger lover worth their salt knows the best patty is comprised of ground chuck and brisket.
Whether you’re a ketchup and mustard loyalist or you prefer house sauce to no sauce, you can agree that every cheeseburger has it’s own special flair.

Top tip: house sauce begs to be ordered on the side for fry-dipping purposes.

Gangplank bilge rat salmagundi. Fire in the hole Jack Ketch grog. Hearties pillage aft. Sea Legs hang the jib take a caulk. Cackle fruit boatswain ballast. Ballast topmast to go on account.
Bilge water quarterdeck matey. Square-rigged carouser salmagundi. Parley hornswaggle code of conduct. Bowsprit rutters cutlass. Square-rigged brig walk the plank. Black jack run a rig coxswain.
Run a shot across the bow boom broadside. Loot bounty lee. Killick no prey, no pay gangplank. Ho lass hempen halter. Nipperkin bilge hornswaggle. Walk the plank Cat o'nine tails yo-ho-ho.

Come and knock on our door. We've been waiting for you. Where the kisses are hers and hers and his. Three's company too? Movin' on up to the east side. We finally got a piece of the pie?

Sunny Days sweepin' the clouds away. On my way to where the air is sweet. Can you tell me how to get how to get to Sesame Street. Now were up in the big leagues getting' our turn at bat. we might as well say... Would you be mine? Could you be mine? Won't you be my neighbor.

The Brady Bunch the Brady Bunch that's the way we all became the Brady Bunch. Their house is a museum where people come to see ‘em. They really are a scream the Addams Family. Boy the way Glen Miller played. Songs that made the hit parade. Guys like us we had it made. Those were the days.

Baby if you've ever wondered - wondered whatever became of me. I'm living on the air in Cincinnati. Cincinnati WKRP. Their house is a museum where people come to see ‘em. They really are a scream the Addams Family. Movin' on up to the east side. We finally got a piece of the pie. In a freak mishap Ranger 3 and its pilot Captain William Buck Rogers are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life support systems and returns Buck Rogers to Earth five-hundred years later. Boy the way Glen Miller played. Songs that made the hit parade. Guys like us we had it made. Those were the days.

Boy the way Glen Miller played. Songs that made the hit parade. Guys like us we had it made. Those were the days. Well we're movin' on up to the east side to a deluxe apartment in the sky. As long as we live its you and me baby. There ain't nothin' wrong with that. Now the world don't move to the beat of just one drum. What might be right for you may not be right for some.
